<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
"task.dtd">
<task id="t_print_black_white">
  <title>Making black-and-white prints</title>

  <shortdesc>Transfer on to paper the photos that you've captured on your film
  roll so that you can see the photos and show them around.</shortdesc>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq>Before you take prints of the photos on the film roll, turn the
    film roll into a photographic negative. <ol>
        <li>Prepare a tray each for the developer, the stop bath, and the
        fixer.</li>

        <li>Put the film roll into the developer tray and wait for the
        designated time while agitating the liquid in the tray every 30
        seconds.</li>

        <li>When the designated time is over, put the roll into the stop bath
        tray for the designated time while constantly agitating the liquid in
        the tray.</li>

        <li>When the designated time is over, put the roll in the fixer tray
        and wait for the designated time while agitating the liquid in the
        tray every 30 seconds</li>

        <li>When the designated time is over, take out the roll (which has now
        turned into a film negative) and wash it thoroughly in water.</li>
      </ol></prereq>

    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Expose the photographic negative on to the enlarger.</cmd>

        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Put the negative in the enlarger tray such that the shiny
            side is facing upwards and the tiny numbers are facing away from
            you. </cmd>
          </substep>

          <substep>
            <cmd>Turn the aperture knob of the enlarger till the image is
            projected on to the baseboard. Then, adjust the brightness and
            sharpness.</cmd>
          </substep>

          <substep>
            <cmd>Expose the negative for 5 seconds.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Develop the image.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Fix the image on to the black and white photo paper.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Wash the printed paper thoroughly with plain water so that no
        trace of the chemicals remain.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
