<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
"task.dtd">
<task id="t_print_black_white">
  <title>Making black-and-white prints</title>

  <shortdesc>Transfer the photographs captured on your film roll on to a prints so that you can see them and show them around.</shortdesc>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq>Before you take prints of the photographs on the film roll, turn the film roll into a photographic negative.
	<ol>
	<li>Prepare a tray each for the developer, the stop bath, and the fixer.</li>
	<li>Put the film roll into the developer tray and wait for the designated time while agitating the liquid in the tray every 30 seconds.</li>
	<li>When the designated time is over, put the roll into the stop bath tray for the designated time while constantly agitating the liquid in the tray.</li>
	<li>When the designated time is over, put the roll in the fixer tray and wait for the designated time while agitating the liquid in the tray every 30 seconds</li>
	<li>When the designated time is over, take out the roll and wash it thoroughly in water.</li>
	</ol>
	</prereq>

    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Expose the photographic negative on to the enlarger.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Develop the image.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Fix the image on to the black and white photo paper.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Wash the printed paper thoroughly with plain water so that no trace of the chemicals remain.</cmd>
      </step>

    </steps>

  </taskbody>

  <related-links>
    <link href="???">
      <linktext/>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
