<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
"task.dtd">
<task id="t_refill_fountain_pen">
  <title>Refilling a fountain pen</title>

  <shortdesc>When you write with your pen, the ink inside it is used up. If
  you want to continue writing with your pen, keep refilling the pen with
  ink.</shortdesc>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq><ul>
        <li>Determine whether your pen is a lever, a pneumatic, or an
        eyedropper pen (see Types of Fountain Pens).</li>

        <li>If your pen is an eyedropper pen, get an eyedropper.</li>

        <li>Get a bottle of ink, a piece of soft cloth, and a sheet of an old
        newspaper. For the recommended ink for your pen, see List of inks
        recommended by pen brands.</li>
      </ul></prereq>

    <context>If your pen has run out of ink or has run dry because of long
    unuse, refill it with ink. You cannot write with your pen unless it has
    ink inside. To refill your pen, you can take it to the authorised service
    center. You can also do the task yourself.</context>

    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Spread the newspaper sheet on a flat surface.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd> Open the ink bottle and place it on the newspaper.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Remove the cap of the pen.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Depending on the type of the pen, choose the appropriate
        method:</cmd>

        <choices>
          <choice>For a lever pen, dip the pen inside the ink bottle such that
          the nib is completely immersed. Be careful that the nib does not
          scrape the bottom of bottle. Lift the lever at the side of the pen
          body, wait for 5 seconds, and set it back. Repeat twice. Lift the
          pen out of the ink bottle.</choice>

          <choice>For a pneumatic pen, unscrew and remove the outer casing of
          the pen body. Locate the thin metal strip at a small cutout section
          in the ink pouch casing. Press the strip, dip the pen inside the ink
          bottle such that the nib is completely immersed, and release the
          strip. Be careful that the nib does not scrape the bottom of bottle.
          While the nib is still immersed in ink, press and release the strip
          twice. Lift the pen out of the ink bottle.</choice>

          <choice>For an eyedropper pen, hold the pen upright and unscrew it
          so that you can separate the lower, body portion of the pen from the
          upper, nib portion. Hold the pen body in one hand, and with the
          other hand, fill up some ink in the eyedropper. Then, carefully
          release the ink into the inside of the pen till the dropper is
          empty. Repeat if you think the pen is not full yet. Then screw back
          the nib portion to the pen body</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Wipe the nib with the soft cloth to remove all traces of
        ink.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Put back the pen cap.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Close the ink bottle.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>

    <result>Your pen is now ready to be used for a fresh round of writing.
    Take a sheet of paper and write. If you cannot make any markings on the
    paper, wipe the nib with a piece of soft cloth and try again.</result>
  </taskbody>

  <related-links>
    <link href="???">
      <linktext/>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</task>
